Add information about CloudEvents and improve the Trigger tutorial (#8759)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/serverless/08-04-trigger-function-with-event.md

    }
    ```

> 2.  Send an event manually to trigger the function. In the first example, a [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/spec.md) is sent directly to the Event Mesh. The second example shows an event which also reaches the Event Mesh, but before that it is translated byt the compatibility layer to the format compliant with the CloudEvents specification. For details on CloudEvents, exposed endpoints, and compatibility layer read about [event processing and delivery](/components/event-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Send an event manually to trigger the function. In the first example, a [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/spec.md) is sent directly to the Event Mesh. The second example shows an event that also reaches the Event Mesh, but it is first modified by the compatibility layer to the format compliant with the CloudEvents specification. For details on CloudEvents, exposed endpoints, and compatibility layer read the [event processing and delivery description](/components/event-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery).
```

Reviewer: Maybe we could make a tip out of it? `For details on CloudEvents, exposed endpoints, and compatibility layer read the [event processing and delivery description](/components/event-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery).`

Reviewer: Maybe we could mention in parenthesis which Kyma versions these cases refer to?

    <div tabs name="examples" group="test=trigger">
      <details>
      <summary label="CloudEvents">

>       Send CloudEvents to Event Mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Send CloudEvents directly to Event Mesh
```

    }
    ```

> 2.  Send an event manually to trigger the function. The first example shows the implementation introduced with the Kyma 1.11 release, where a [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/spec.md) is sent directly to the Event Mesh. In the second example, an event also reaches the Event Mesh, but it is first modified by the compatibility layer to the format compliant with the CloudEvents specification. This solution ensures compatibility if your events follow a format other than CloudEvents, or you use the Event Bus available before 1.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Send an event manually to trigger the function. The first example shows the implementation introduced with the Kyma 1.11 release where a [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/spec.md) is sent directly to the Event Mesh. In the second example, an event also reaches the Event Mesh, but it is first modified by the compatibility layer to the format compliant with the CloudEvents specification. This solution ensures compatibility if your events follow a format other than CloudEvents, or you use the Event Bus available before 1.11.
```

Reviewer: with the Kyma 1.11 release, where -> with the Kyma 1.11 release where

> 2.  Send an event manually to trigger the function. The first example shows the implementation introduced with the Kyma 1.11 release, where a [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/spec.md) is sent directly to the Event Mesh. In the second example, an event also reaches the Event Mesh, but it is first modified by the compatibility layer to the format compliant with the CloudEvents specification. This solution ensures compatibility if your events follow a format other than CloudEvents, or you use the Event Bus available before 1.11.

Reviewer: Kyma 1.11 release, where -> Kyma 1.11 release where

> 2.  Send an event manually to trigger the function. The first example shows the implementation introduced with Kyma 1.11 release, where a [CloudEvent](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v1.0/spec.md) is sent directly to the Event Mesh. In the second example, an event also reaches the Event Mesh, but before that it is modified by the compatibility layer to the format compliant with the CloudEvents specification. This solution ensures compatibility if your events follow a format other than CloudEvents, or you used the Event Bus available before 1.11.

Reviewer: - Kyma 1.11 release -> Kyma the 1.11 release
- but before that it is modified by -> but it is first modified by
- or you used the Event Bus -> or you use the Event Bus

Author: just `the Kyma 1.11 release`?

> > **TIP:** For details on CloudEvents, exposed endpoints, and compatibility layer, read about [event processing and delivery](/components/event-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **TIP:** For details on CloudEvents, exposed endpoints, and the compatibility layer, read about [event processing and delivery](/components/event-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery).
```
